Feature/24130 conf module (#246)
OS2mo/os2mo: docs/dev/configuration.rst

-----------------------

It is possible to perform simple configuration of the MO frontend using the
configuration module. 

Setup
-----
To use the configuration module, suitable credentials must be set in the MO

> configuration file, these will default to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration file, these will default to:

```
Missing newline breaks list rendering; please check how your documentation renders with e.g.:

```
make -C docs html
```

…or:

```
./backend/flask.sh docs
```

> * USER_SETTINGS_DB_NAME: mora

Reviewer: This string does not occur anywhere else?

> * USER_SETTINGS_DB_USER: mora

Reviewer: Ditto.

> * USER_SETTINGS_DB_PASSWORD: mora

Reviewer: Ditto.

> * USER_SETTINGS_DB_HOST: localhost

Reviewer: Ditto.

Available settings
------------------

> Currently, it os only possible to configure settings for OUs. The currently

Reviewer: Spellbug, and avoid overly technical abbreviations:

```suggestion
Currently, it is only possible to configure settings for organisational units. The currently
```

available options are:

* ``show_location`` Indicates whether the location of units should be visible
  in the top of the page.
* ``show_user_key`` Indicates whether the user key of units should be visible
  in the top of the page.
* ``show_roles`` Indicates whether the column ``Roller`` should be shown in
  the OU overview

> If a settings is identicated for a given OU, this will be used. If the setting

Reviewer: Grammar, and ditto:

```suggestion
If a setting is identicated for a given unit, this will be used. If the setting
```

is not available, it will inherit the value from the nearest parent in the

> tree with the value set. If no parents has a value for the particular setting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tree with the value set. If no parent has a value for the particular setting,
```

a global value will be used.

Setting configuration options
-----------------------------

> 

Reviewer: Missing?

Reading configuration options
-----------------------------

> Currently activce settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently active settings
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The currently active settings for a unit can be read directly from the API call

Reviewer: IIRC restructured text requires an empty line between title and contents.

> for the particular OU: ::

Reviewer: In general, `s/: ::/::`.

>   curl http://localhost/service/ou/.....

Reviewer: Spell out the dots.

Included in the response will be the settings: ::

>   user_settings: {

Reviewer: Use a JSON sourcecode directive to get syntax highlighting.

  }

From this response, it is not possible to distinguish if the setting is local,
inherited or global.

OU specific settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The actual configuration options set directly on the OU, can be read from the
dedicated configuration api: ::

  curl http://localhost/service/ou/cc238af7-f00f-422f-a415-6fba0f96febd/get_configuration

The reply could be: ::
  {
      "show_user_key":"False"
  }

In this case the value for ''show_user_key'' will be read from this
configuration value, and the rest of the configuration options will be
inherited or read from global scope.

Global settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The current global settings can also be read from the configuration api: ::

  curl http://localhost/service/o/get_configuration

With the reply: ::
  {
     show_location: "True",
     show_roles: "True",
     show_user_key: "True"
  }
  
Global settings are global for all organisations.

Writing configuration options
-----------------------------

The payload for updating global or OU-specific settings are identical:
  '''
  {
    "org_units":{
       "show_roles": "False"
       }
  }
  '''

Currently, there are only settings for org units and thus the outer key

> will always be ''org_units''. It is possible to update more than one key pr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will always be ``"org_units"``. It is possible to update more than one key per
```

request.
  
Global settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The update a global setting: ::

  curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"org_units": {"show_roles": "False"}}' http://localhost/service/o/set_configuration

OU specific settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To update or create a setting for a specific OU: ::

>   curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{org_units": {"show_user_keys": "False"}}' http://localhost/service/ou/cc238af7-f00f-422f-a415-6fba0f96febd/set_configuration

Reviewer: Use the syntax from [sphinxcontrib-httpdomain](https://sphinxcontrib-httpdomain.readthedocs.io/) for even prettier rendering? (Otherwise, fix the missing newline.)
